Higanbana are red spider
lilies. They are named thusly
because they bloom around the
time of the Higan memorial
week. Higan can also be read
as ka no kishi, which means
'other shore' and refers to
englightenment or the after
life. Higan is unique to
Japanese buddhism and occurs
during the vernal and autumn
equinoxes. For a week 
families pay their respects
to the dead by visiting
graveyards and attending
memorial services. Higanbana
are ominous flowers in Japan
with nicknames like the flower
of the dead (shibitobana), the
flower of hell (jigokubana),
and the phantom flower
(yuureibana).